Uh-hum. We talk about...
I.... yup.
Atta girl. Your even like near...
What?
I really became to him when she was 12.
Oh, and...
really been there. Why?
Medical.
Guys didn't want to go in the circle.
Like one of my uncles, I'm like, um, I guess we can.
for ten years
And your best friend. Which might be not.
And...
Or you could go to Sardinia, which is where they face Islam.
Oh, Yeah, And were they followed at in Germany..
Yeah I don't know that take longer. You took Alana.
you mean...
we all the favorite in the...
That's sister lives.
Japanese caricatures? Oh, yeah.
Okay, wait, this is actually in my class. I've been to...
At least 10.
I'm not sure. Not on....
I don't think it's a program.
Angry
were going for the church
That's where I stayed for a while.
um
and uh
That's where they all live.
That's in Kanagawa. It's in northern Kanagawa.
Oh, that time...
Uh, oh. Actually, I don't know how many days.
But
caricature. and i started
I know. I know now.
I would prefer to be uh country side.
Or at least not in a way a lot of countries are studying. Maybe like a little town or something.
What?
Like a village but not like....
I kind of
I, I haven't decided yet if I actually going to work.
we...
They were like... Marco Polo.
Maybe I would name it Zurich.
Yeah, did you bring anything... maybe
4 1 2 4  that's being patient
Do I love
That's were we, yeah.
I...
Uh I gotta say... Nope, don't know.
Gym? Maybe it's somewhere that I have this.
I don't know, I pretend while I was down there. But
Home for? Um...
During when I was in Europe, I'll have to make it up
It's the worst one. I haven't been there long enough to decide.
Yeah.
That's not true.
Okay.
My favorite city in.... in
Vietnam.
Yeah. Oh. Let's talk about...
Can I talk about the most uh versatile like Snow fall.